
Explain need for wireless drivers

Add automount and fusefs-ntfs support

Use auto-update-port-framework instead of update-jb-ports to reinstall latest

Enable unix auth for samba?

Fast printer on a parallel port?
    systcl hw.intr_storm_threshold=5000

warning function with pause
    atapicam issue with 9.1-b1

Periodic auto-clean-ports

Shut down on lid close

Installing gdm over xdm
    Warn user before killing xdm
    disable xdm in ttys
    killall xdm
    restart hald
    restart gdm
    
Message about removing ports does not apply if using -release ports tree.

Thinkpad cursor stuck in drag mode
    Try using moused

Create /etc/wpa_supplicant.conf to enable wifi?
    /etc/rc.d/wpa_supplicant start

Check for success of x11 test and offer to reinstall xorg-drivers

Disable suspend and hibernate in PolicyKit.conf?

customize common apps according to desktop selection

totem:
    shmmax=64m
    shmall=32k

Option to clean ports tree before beginning

Add swap if necessary to build webkit-gtk2
    uses almost 5 gigs VM

Add hostname to /etc/hosts?

Autoswitch from wifi to ethernet when plugged in
    Update routing
    Move AMD/SMB connections
    auto-restart network on ethernet plug/unplug

Disable gdm hibernate button, or replace action with suspend

Autoconfigure mtoolsfm for USB drives

Old iBooks (pre-usb trackpad)
    dev.ams.0.tapping=1

Random screensaver
    Some screensavers may lock up desktop
    Can be fixed by logging in remotely and killing the process
    Print warning during installation

Install anacron?
    one suggestion from vans9@yandex.ru
    I've meant those peoriodic tasks that are already in /etc/crontab - daily, weekly, monthly. They seem to run almost never at desktops, that work on daily basis and are switched off at evening. But. the other side of enabling the the periodic through anacron is that roots mail will be spammed with the periodic reports. To avoid this, there shoud be line in periodic.conf making periodic to write it's repots to file, and syslod-ng rotating this files and maybe other things should be done..... So it's an overtask for the desktop-installer possibly.

change default for xdm to yes if no other display manager installed

no-desktop option?

Separate code for general setup and desktop installation? (vans)

